well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about putting yourself in that position
and beliefs that may be widely held that
are just plain wrong and then we're
gonna go over some statistics to show
that they're just plain wrong and then
we're gonna go into what those widely
held beliefs create so there was an
interview in which a lawyer in a very
high profile case right now said that
she had never had that issue because
she'd never put herself in that position
there's a whole lot of things you can
say that about and it'd be true
you could you know you could say I never
went to the ocean
therefore I never put myself in the
position to be bitten by a shark fair
enough that's true that's a true
statement
that makes sense it doesn't make sense
in the case of what we're talking about
Donna or to know probably butchering the
last name she's a one of lawyers on the
Weinstein case she was asked in an
interview if she had ever been the
victim of an assault
I have not because I would never put
myself in that position I've always made
choices from college-age on where I
never drank too much I never went home
with someone I didn't know
I just never put myself in any
vulnerable circumstance ever I would
suggest that this comment puts you in a
pretty vulnerable circumstance but does
any of this ring
let's just take the idea that if you
stay away from people that you don't
know well that that's a good security
measure that will stop you from becoming
a victim at least helped a year ago
there was a study of almost 1000
survivors
23% of women were assaulted by partner
or ex-partner 24% were assaulted by a
family member
44% were assaulted by another known
person 9% or assaulted by someone they
don't know so really you're actually
safer hanging out with people you don't
know that's the idea that if you're
drunken with somebody you don't know
well then he kind of had it coming you
know those drunk promiscuous women
that's the image that's created here
there are a couple of other findings
that relate to some recent cases that
are high-profile go over those two even
though they don't directly relate 32
percent of these incidents were reported
to the police more than two years later
twenty percent were reported to the
police more than 10 years later 22
percent had not reported them at all Wow
so that kind of dispels another myth
about why people wait so long that's not
rare it's incredibly common so what does
this tell us I mean I think everybody
knows that what she said was false this
is like asking what somebody's wearing
when it happens doesn't matter if it's a
miniskirt or a diaper that had nothing
to do with it the reality is that this
is occurring with the backdrop of men
all over the United States saying that
well I'm scared to be alone in a room
with a woman now because they're just
gonna make something up that's the idea
creates this impression when this type
of rhetoric is spouted off that it's not
really the man's fault because she was
drunken went back to hotel with somebody
she didn't know maybe what it also shows
is a lot of successful people's habit of
prioritizing their own success their own
block under this system over the concept
of stopping the victimization and the
things that we know are occurring in
this system this is a widespread thing
sexual assault is common statistically
it's common people are worried about
coronavirus compared to this what's more
likely to happen to one of your loved
ones but
it doesn't get reported why because it's
not actually about what it seems like
it's about it's about power
so who does it most often the powerful
who are protected by the media we don't
want this to seem like an issue
this idea of blaming the victim of
saying well it was her fault because she
drank something or wore something or she
was alone with someone apply it to
anything else would you say that about
any other kind of violent crime of
course not
of course not but happens here all the
time
lawyers and high-profile cases say stuff
like this publicly because they know
it's a widely held belief widely held
beliefs are often wrong anyway
it's just a thought you'll have a good
night